Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Praneeth Bhandaru

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

N/A

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

Professor Moretti

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

N/A

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

N/a

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

Boundary:
    - mywc_empty_file.txt: Empty File (only EOF), tests minimum possible
                           file length.
    - mywc_max_chars_file.txt: File with 50000 printable ASCII
                               characters, tests maximum possible file
                               length.
    - mywc_max_lines_max_chars.txt: File with 1000 lines and ~50000
                                    printable ASCII characters, tests
                                    maximum possible file length.
    - mywc_single_char_file.txt: File with 1 char, tests counting a
                                 single character.
    - mywc_single_word_file.txt: File with 1 word, tests counting a
                                 single word.
    - mywc_single_line_file.txt: File with 1 line, tests counting a
                                 single line.
    - mywc_special_chars_file.txt: File with only printable ASCII
                                   special characters, tests printing
                                   non-letter and non-number characters.

Statement:
    - mywc_empty_file.txt: Empty File (only EOF)
        mywc.c: line 30
        mywc.s: lines 63-70
    - mywc_single_char_file.txt: File with 1 char
        mywc.c: line 32
        mywc.s: lines 72-76
    - mywc_multi_word_file.txt: File with multiple words in one line
        mywc.c: lines 34-46
        mywc.s: lines 78-115
    - mywc_multi_line_file.txt: File with words in multiple lines
        mywc.c: lines 48-49
        mywc.s: lines 119-128
    - mywc_single_word_file.txt: File with 1 word
        mywc.c: lines 52-56
        mywc.s: lines 134-164

Stress:
    - mywc_multi_word_max_chars_file.txt: File with ~50000 printable
                                          ASCII characters with 27+
                                          spaces, tests very long
                                          "words".
    - mywc_max_chars_file.txt: File with 50000 printable ASCII
                               characters, tests maximum possible file
                               length (characters in one line).
    - mywc_max_lines_max_chars.txt: File with 1000 lines and ~50000
                                    printable ASCII characters, tests
                                    maximum possible file length (lines
                                    and characters).



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  11.918860 seconds

Part 2b:  2.622108 seconds

Part 2d:  10.352220 seconds

Part 2e:  _____ seconds

Part 2f:  _____ seconds




